add newsletter no. 17 as blog post (#1276)
questdb/questdb.io: blog/2022-08-09-newsletter-17.md

---

> title: Newsletter No. 21 - 6.5 release and ILP clients in 6 languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Newsletter Aug 2022 - 6.5 Release and ILP Clients in 6 Languages
```

author: QuestDB
author_url: https://github.com/questdb
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/52297642?s=200&v=4
description:
  We'll take you through our latest release, our new case study with the largest
  retailer in Asia, and news from our community.
tags: [newsletter]
image: /img/blog/newsletter-preview.png

> slug: newsletter-ilp-clients-in-6-languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slug: ilp-client-cplusplus-rust-go-python-java
```
